# Airbrush_Reviews_and_Tips
This repo contains my final submission for Code Louisville web development class September 2020 session.
The repo is a template layout for a fictional airbrush supply store and review website called Airbrush Depot.

The project is run by viewing index.html and the other site pages can be visited via the navigation menu. The additional HTML pages are: contact.html, reviews.html, and techniques.html.

To satisfy the requirements of the project:
This project is built "mobile first" design.
There are two media query breakpoints (768px and 1025px) with changes to the layout such as altering the flexbox columns on index.html.
The project is uploaded to the GitHub repository with sufficient check-ins.
The project includes a README [that you are currently enjoying :) ].

CSS Features included on the project:
1. A navigation menu that expands and collapses at desktop and mobile sizes (this is a hamburger icon menu that is visible on all html pages).
2. Flexbox is used to organize content areas based on mobile or desktop views with the layout changing at media query breakpoints. (This is visible on index.html and techniques.html).
3. ":nth-of-type" is used on the reviews page to style the alternating background colors (visible on reviews.html; code is in mystyles.css lines 182 through 193). ":nth-child" is used in coding the navigation menu visible on all html pages (see mystlyes.css lines 73 through 82 and lines 266 through 281).

JavaScript Features included on the project:
1. Create a form, validate at least 1 input, and use that information on the page. This feature is located on "contact.html" contact us form and validation is located in "javascript.js". The function "validateForm" validates all fields are filled out and then regex validation on the phone number is used to display one of three alerts to the user indicating successful submission, missing fields, or invalid phone number. Successful submission alert includes the name that the user inputs into the contact us form.
2. Create and populate a JavaScript array and display the contents on your page. This feature is located on "reviews.html" and the array is stored in "airbrush.js" with additional JavaScript in "reviews.js". The array holds objects that represent different brand and models of airbrushes as well as the photo, technical info, review, etc. and is displayed on "reviews.html" using the JavaScript in "reviews.js" to insert the objects as HTML articles.
3. Create a JavaScript loop that dynamically displays HTML on your page. This feature is also part of JavaScript feature 2 listed above. The array objects are inserting as HTML generated by the loop on "reviews.js".
4. Show/hide one or more content areas or elements on your site through clicking a button or some other user interaction. This feature can be seen on "index.html" in the MAIN CONTENT SECTION. A part of the text is hidden by default until the user clicks on the "Learn More" button at the bottom right of the section. The text on the button also changes to "Learn Less" when expanded through JavaScript altering the HTML of the button.
